# binary-dating
A dating app only for binary, unmodified people

binary dating is an app and website dedicated to normal people who want to date, find their significant other, or a hook up buddy. All of the other dating apps are now filled with trans monsters, sometimes well over 50% of the profiles. The reason for this is because these freaks are finding out that no matter what they look like on the outside, nobody considers them to be the sex they want to be. and so most of them now seek to trick normal people into liking them due to crafty photography and plain deception. Even at 50% of all female profiles, the experience on dating apps has shifted into a game of "does this thing have a penis?" which i am sick of. I have never in my life wanted to look at a tranny, and if i could choose never to have to see or interact with one ever again, i would choose that. Obviously, i am not unique in feeling this way. this shift has made dating apps unusable for many, as it wastes so much time on trying to make sure you aren't tricked into speaking to the wrong sex, which is ridiculous. the very first question all of these apps ask to make a profile is what sex are you, and looking for what sex? the flood of trannys who lie about their gender has been allowed to ruin those apps, which i suppose is their decision to make. i would much rather use an app that has good measures in place to minimize exposure to trannys when looking for the opposite sex as much as possible, and eliminate their presence entirely. 
  Because the desire to consider only the opposite sex is now impossible on any existing app, binary-dating will gladly fill that role and be the only one to provide that service for all the boys and girls who are only fans of hetero sex with unmodified parts, the old fashioned way. 
    The format will also be different, and better in my opinion. instead of subscription tiers, which is expensive and gives a prostitute flavoring to the whole process, binary dating will be a one time fee structure with the ability to permanently add components only if you want to, also a one time affair. The base account will have everything that is required to function on a basic level and can therefore service all members using the minimal amount of resources, and the enhanced profiles which take up more bandwidth can have their own system to keep it simple. 
      And because this program will be fully functional, 
